was a small-time crook do a really big
break see this is what I'm talking about
old-school method get me gay Paree on
the phone but he'll need a real cop
detective lessons tomorrow for your
acting he was due back to the park he
must be okay me no just like the name so
much thank you from Shane Black the
creator of lethal weapon do not play
detective [ __ ] go home before the bad
guys do something bad to you two corpses
in three hours I mean that's unusual
right yes first things first you have
the corpse
you threw it away look up be deity there
you know you'll find a picture me know
the definition of the word idiot that
starts with a kiss
why did you lie to me it was an excuse
to stay around you so I mean I think I
just got your finger yeah it's on the
floor feet up there and and with a bang
we're live round in that gun oh yeah
there was like an 8%
[Music]
Robert Downey jr. or teasing I'm stupid
Val Kilmer yes I think you're stupid
Kiss Kiss Bang Bang